1. Which expression best matches the following characteristics or review processes:1. led by author 2. undocumented 3. no management participation 4. led by a trained moderator or leader 5. uses entry exit criteria s) inspection t) peer review u) informal review v) walkthrough 
A s = 4, t = 3, u = 2 and 5, v = 1
B s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1
C s = 1 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 4
D s = 5, t = 4, u = 3, v = 1 and 2
E s = 4 and 5, t = 1, u = 2, v = 3

2. Could reviews or inspections be considered part of testing: 

A No, because they apply to development documentation
B No, because they are normally applied before testing
C No, because they do not apply to the test documentation
D Yes, because both help detect faults and improve quality
E Yes, because testing includes all non-constructive activities

3. What can static analysis NOT find? 

A The use of a variable before it has been defined
B Unreachable (“dead”) code
C Whether the value stored in a variable is correct
D The re-definition of a variable before it has been used
E Array bound violations

4. Which of the following statements regarding static testing is false:
a) static testing requires the running of tests through the code
b) static testing includes desk checking
c) static testing includes techniques such as reviews and inspections
d) static testing can give measurements such as cyclomatic complexity

5. Unreachable code would best be found using: 

A. code reviews
B. code inspections
C. a coverage tool
D. a test management tool
E. a static analysis tool

6. Given the following types of tool, which tools would typically be used by developers and which by an independent test team: i. static analysis ii. performance testing iii. test management iv. dynamic analysis v. test running vi. test data preparation 

A. developers would typically use i, iv and vi; test team ii, iii and v
B. developers would typically use i and iv; test team ii, iii, v and vi
C. developers would typically use i, ii, iii and iv; test team v and vi
D. developers would typically use ii, iv and vi; test team I, ii and v
E. developers would typically use i, iii, iv and v; test team ii and vi

7. In a review meeting a moderator is a person who:
A. Takes minutes of the meeting
B. Mediates between people
C. Takes telephone calls
D. Writes the documents to be reviewed

8. Peer Reviews are also called as :

A. Inspection
B. Walkthrough
C. Technical Review
D. Formal Review

 
9. Success Factors for a review include :

i.   Each Review does not have a predefined objective
ii.  Defects found are welcomed and expressed objectively 
iii. Management supports a good review process.
iv.  There is an emphasis on learning and process improvement

A. ii,iii,iv are correct and i is incorrect
B. iii , i , iv is correct and ii is incorrect
C. i , iii , iv , ii is incorrect
D. ii is correct


10. Which of the following statements about reviews is true?

A. Reviews cannot be performed on user requirements specifications.
B. Reviews are the least effective way of testing code.
C. Reviews are unlikely to find faults in test plans.
D. Reviews should be performed on specifications, code, and test plans.

11. Out of the following what is NOT a value of static analysis?

A. Prevention of defects
B. Identification of defects not easily found by dynamic testing
C. Improved maintainability of code and design
D. Inexpensive way to get some benefit

12. In a review meeting a moderator is a person who

A. Takes minutes of the meeting
B. Mediates between people
C. Takes telephone calls
D. Writes the documents to be reviewed

13. Code Coverage is used as a measure of what ?
a. Defects
b. Trends analysis
c. Test Effectiveness
d. Time Spent Testing

14. An important benefit of code inspections is that they:
a) enable the code to be tested before the execution environment is ready.
b) can be performed by the person who wrote the code.
c) can be performed by inexperienced staff.
d) are cheap to perform.

15. What is the main difference between a walkthrough and an inspection?
a) An inspection is lead by the author, whilst a walkthrough is lead by a trained
moderator.
b) An inspection has a trained leader, whilst a walkthrough has no leader.
c) Authors are not present during inspections, whilst they are during walkthroughs.
d) A walkthrough is lead by the author, whilst an inspection is lead by a trained
moderator.

16. Static analysis is best described as:
a) the analysis of batch programs.
b) the reviewing of test plans.
c) the analysis of program code.
d) the use of black box testing.

17. Which of the following activities differentiate a walkthrough from a formal review?
a. A walkthrough does not follow a defined process
b. For a walkthrough individual preparation by the reviewers is optional
c. A walkthrough requires meeting
d. A walkthrough finds the causes of failures, while formal review finds the failures


18. A program with high cyclometic complexity is almost likely to be:
a. Large
b. Small
c. Difficult to write
d. Difficult to test

19. Which of the following statements is NOT true:
a) inspection is the most formal review process
b) inspections should be led by a trained leader
c) managers can perform inspections on management documents
d) inspection is appropriate even when there are no written documents
e) inspection compares documents with predecessor (source) documents

20. Unreachable code would best be found using:
a) code reviews
b) code inspections
c) a coverage tool
d) a test management tool
e) a static analysis tool

21. Could reviews or inspections be considered part of testing:
a) No, because they apply to development documentation
b) No, because they are normally applied before testing
c) No, because they do not apply to the test documentation
d) Yes, because both help detect faults and improve quality
e) Yes, because testing includes all non-constructive activities

22. An important benefit of code inspections is that they:
a) enable the code to be tested before the execution environment is ready.
b) can be performed by the person who wrote the code.
c) can be performed by inexperienced staff.
d) are cheap to perform.

23. What is the main difference between a walkthrough and an inspection?
a) An inspection is lead by the author, whilst a walkthrough is lead by a trained
moderator.
b) An inspection has a trained leader, whilst a walkthrough has no leader.
c) Authors are not present during inspections, whilst they are during walkthroughs.
d) A walkthrough is lead by the author, whilst an inspection is lead by a trained
moderator.


24. Static analysis is best described as:
a) the analysis of batch programs.
b) the reviewing of test plans.
c) the analysis of program code.
d) the use of black box testing.


25. Which of the following is true about Formal Review or Inspection:-
i. Led by Trained Moderator (not the author).
ii. No Pre Meeting Preparations
iii. Formal Follow up process.
iv. Main Objective is to find defects
a) ii is true and i,iii,iv are false
b) i,iii,iv are true and ii is false
c) i,iii,iv are false and ii is true
d) iii is true and I,ii,iv are false


26. Inspections can find all the following except
a. Variables not defined in the code
b. Spelling and grammar faults in the documents
c. Requirements that have been omitted from the design documents
d. How much of the code has been covered


27. Consider the following techniques. Which are static and which are dynamic techniques?
i. Equivalence Partitioning.
ii. Use Case Testing.
iii.Data Flow Analysis.
iv.Exploratory Testing.
v. Decision Testing.
vi Inspections.
A. i-iv are static, v-vi are dynamic.
B. iii and vi are static, i, ii, iv and v are dynamic.
C. ii, iii and vi are static, i, iv and v are dynamic.
D. vi is static, i-v are dynamic. 


28. Given the following types of tool, which tools would typically be used by
developers, and which by an independent system test team?
i.static analysis
ii.performance testing
iii.test management
iv.dynamic analysis
a)developers would typically use i and iv; test team ii and iii
b)developers would typically use i and iii; test team ii and iv
c)developers would typically use ii and iv; test team i and iii
d)developers would typically use i, iii and iv; test team ii


29. What type of review requires formal entry and exit criteria, including metrics:
a)walkthrough
b)inspection
c)management review
d)post project review


30. What is NOT included in typical costs for an inspection process?
a)setting up forms and databases
b)analysing metrics and improving processes
c)writing the documents to be inspected
d)time spent on the document outside the meeting


31. Could reviews or inspections be considered part of testing?
a)no, because they apply to development documentation
b)no, because they are normally applied before testing
c)yes, because both help detect faults and improve quality
d)yes, because testing includes all non-constructive activities

32. Which of the following is correct about static analysis tools?
a. Static analysis tools are used only by developers
b. Compilers may offer some support for static analysis
c. Static analysis tools help find failures rather than defects
d. Static analysis tools require execution of the code to analyse the coverage

33. What makes an inspection different from other review types?
a. It is led by a trained leader, uses formal entry and exit criteria and checklists
b. It is led by the author of the document to be inspected
c. It can only be used for reviewing design and code
d. It is led by the author, uses checklists, and collects data for improvement

34. Which of the following is correct about static analysis tools
a. They help you find defects rather than failures
b. They are used by developers only
c. They require compilation of code
d. They are useful only for regulated industries

35. The Phases of formal review process is mentioned below arrange them in the correct
order.
i. Planning
ii. Review Meeting
iii. Rework
iv. Individual Preparations
v. Kick Off
vi. Follow Up
a) i,ii,iii,iv,v,vi
b) vi,i,ii,iii,iv,v
c) i,v,iv,ii,iii,vi
d) i,ii,iii,v,iv,vi

36. The Planning phase of a formal review includes the following :-
a) Explaining the objectives
b) Selecting the personnel, allocating roles.
c) Follow up
d) Individual Meeting preparations

37. A Person who documents all the issues, problems and open points that were identified
during a formal review.
a) Moderator.
b) Scribe
c) Author
d) Manager

38. Who are the persons involved in a Formal Review :-
i. Manager
ii. Moderator
iii. Scribe / Recorder
iv. Assistant Manager
a) i,ii,iii,iv are true
b) i,ii,iii are true and iv is false.
c) ii,iii,iv are true and i is false.
d) i,iv are true and ii, iii are false.


39. Which of the following is a Key Characteristics of Walk Through
a) Scenario , Dry Run , Peer Group
b) Pre Meeting Preparations
c) Formal Follow Up Process
d) Includes Metrics

40. Which rule should not be followed for reviews

a. Defects and issues are identified and corrected
b. The product is reviewed not the producer
c. All members of the reviewing team are responsible for the result of the review
d. Each review has a clear predefined objective